This is the most important video that
I've ever made and this is going to be
the most important video that you watch
for your e-commerce brand if you care
about converting more off of your ads
without having to increase any ad spend
and also how to waste less of your ad
spend by using a proper and effective
email welcome flow. Now, every brand out
there probably has an email welcome
flow, but most of them are doing it
wrong. They're using outdated strategies
and they're not using what's actually
working right now in 2025 and 2026. So,
in this video, I'm giving you the exact
strategy that I've used for over 150 7
to9 figure e-commerce brands and that
has generated over $20 million in sales.
So, let's get into it. So, really what
I'm trying to do here is create an
acquisition moat. Something that is
going to differentiate you from the
competition and allow you to spend more
on your ads while knowing that you're
going to be retaining a lot more profit.
So, this is exactly what we are going
over. So, why is this important right
now? So, e-commerce has changed and most
brands just haven't kept up with
everything that's changed over the past
few years in ecom postco. It's a
completely different landscape. Ad costs
right now are higher than ever.
Customers are getting harder and harder
to convert. And there are thousands of
new competitors launching every single
week. With customers being harder to
convert because they have less money due
to inflation, not having stimulus checks
like in 2020, you're spending a lot more
to get people to your website, but
they're not buying and they're bouncing.
And so, if you don't have a system for
capturing, nurturing, and converting
that attention that you just paid for
immediately, you are burning cash. The
customers are just going to leave and
never come back. Probably go with a
competitor. The brands that are going to
win in 2026 do not just have great
products. They have great systems that
build trust fast to get people to
convert right when they show attention
or click on one of your ads. This all
starts with your email popup and your
email welcome flow. If you dial that in
and create that profitable funnel that
predictably gets website viewers to
convert within 7 days, then you're going
to have a profitable machine that you
can just spend more ads on. So that is
what we're talking about. My name is
Max, founder of WellCopy. We've done
over $100 million in e-commerce sales.
So the state of 2026 ecom I want to go
in a little bit more depth because what
has changed over time we need to
understand kind of the landscape and
what's different. So we have tariffs
increasing with like US and China which
is going to be eating into our ecom
margins. We have inflation which is
eating the disposable income for the
customer. AI is just making it so so
easy to copy products and copy stores.
Someone can type in your website and
have AI recreate it. They can change the
branding a little bit and they've just
copied your store because there are over
1,000 new Shopify stores every single
day which is crazy. So this is like the
timeline of kind of like what happened
and also why your product alone isn't
enough anymore. So 2020 ecom was really
easy. Stimulus checks and easy sales.
People just had cash and it was easy to
just throw up some ads and people would
buy. And then following 2021 iOS 14
hits. 2022 Facebook rorowaz tanks. We
saw a lot of brands fall off after this
bull rush in 2020 and 2021 and only the
brands with strong retention survived.
In 2024 we saw a lot of brands whose
cost per acquisition tripled which
really made your lifetime value your
lifeline. paid ads up 300% from prior
levels. The only brands that could
survive were ones that knew they were
going to make a lot more money on the
back end. And then in 2026, what we have
is the product is just not enough. You
need to have a brand. That is your only
mode. Copycats cannot replicate your
brand and your story. The brands with
the deep loyalty are the ones that are
going to be able to survive. That is
what we really want to focus on. We have
the cost per acquisition problem. With
all these brands showing up, there is so
much more competition. Everybody's
fighting for the same ad spots,
increasing the auction, making ads cost
a lot more. So, we're paying a lot more
on ads, but at the same time, conversion
rates are down as customers are just
visiting your website to check things
out and then leaving to check out one of
your competitors. So, even when they
click your expensive ad, they're not
converting. Now, we have the CAC
problem. And how can we fix this? This
wasn't necessary before, but it is 100%
necessary if you are an ecom brand
spending money on ads right now because
you can't lower the ad costs. That's out
of our control. What we can do is make
every single click that we get worth
more. And that is with a dialed popup
form which is going to turn your paid
traffic into owned traffic so that you
don't have to send expensive ads
anymore. You can send them emails for a
fraction of a penny. And this powerful
welcome flow is going to turn the
website viewers who are just curious
into actual conversions because email is
the cheapest, highest lever way to
stretch your ad dollars. Instead of
paying $50 to maybe get a sale on your
ads, you can pay $50, still get those
people who are going to buy anyways, but
you can get more people to get their
email, build trust, and convert them now
or down the line without having to pay
again on getting them back through ads.
That is how you beat your rising cost
per acquisition. If you own the
attention, you can nurture the trust and
capture the sale. So, if you don't nail
this, what's going to happen is you are
going to miss your trust window. So,
right when a customer clicks on one of
your ads or customer goes to your
website for the first time, that is the
warmest they are ever going to be. If
you just let them go to the website and
then leave and you don't have anything
to show for it, you don't have an email
or or phone number to get them back.
They're just going to leave and never
come back and you lose that and you
abandon everything and all future
purchases are lost forever. Instead, we
need this pop-up and welcome flow. So,
we can have kind of like this without
where you go $50 ad spend, you get some
clicks, people bounce, you don't have
that email, that person's lost. At least
with a pop-up and welcome flow that's
dialed, you get $50 with your ad spend.
You get clicks and even if they don't
buy, at least you get the email captured
and then you can send them your dialed
welcome series, which we're going to go
over in this video. And then you can
either get that sale today or you can
also get it later because you have their
email and you can send them emails for
fractions of pennies, decreasing your
cost per acquisition and then increasing
your LTV. Same ad spend, but completely
different outcome just by having the
system dialed. So this is how we are
going to create our moat and increase
our sales with our acquisition funnel.
Your product alone is not enough. You
need more systems. You need to find ways
to stand out from the thousands of
others in your niche. And the way you
stand out is with your content, your
story, and more importantly, how you
deliver that because your frame is
everything. If you come in with a slap
together generic approach, that's how
you're going to be perceived. Just like
everybody else and the copycats who are
out there copying your store, you only
get one chance to make a first
impression and create that frame in the
customer's mind. Your email welcome flow
and what you're putting in there is your
chance to nail that first impression. If
you're not dialed in, you're going to
lose them. If you are dialed in, then
you've created a moat that the other
brands can't replicate. We can see here
for this brand as they increased their
ad spend. What we have is the welcome
flow right here. They ramped up their ad
spend, their ad traffic. We have a
pop-up form that's converting 15% of
their website visitors into email
subscribers. And we're getting $56,000
on this month right here. You can see
that is extra revenue off of their
acquisition funnel. This is how it's
done. And you can have email systems
that generate 38% of your total revenue
just from the email channel. So now
let's actually get into the winning
welcome flow strategy. How do you create
this moat? and how do you make sure that
people buy? Important to note, however,
your welcome flow isn't going to
generate any money if nobody's going
into your welcome flow. So, you really
need an absolutely dialed email pop-up
form. This is why you see top brands
testing new pop-up forms every single
week. Cuz if you can increase your form
by even 2%, that means more people into
the email list that you can convert.
This video is about the email welcome
flow. This YouTube video of mine right
here, smart e-commerce brands are doing
this in 2025, goes over everything that
you need to do to create high-converting
pop-up forms that are going to get as
many email addresses from your website
traffic as possible so that we can then
run them into this system and winning
welcome flow strategy that I'm going to
show you. So, make sure you check that
out because that's very, very important.
So, the winning welcome flow strategy,
there are a few non-negotiables that we
need in our email welcome flow. Every
welcome flow should be a little bit
different. You can't just copy someone
else's. needs to be a little bit
different and it's going to depend on
your brand, your selling points, and how
you want to be different from your
competitors. But there are a few high
leverage things that we need to make
sure our welcome flow includes. First
off, we need to turn off double opt-in
in our email lists. What this means is
when somebody signs up to your email
list, if you have double opt-in on, it's
going to send an email being like, "Hey,
click this link to confirm your
subscription." You get a ton of fall-off
right there from potential subscribers.
So, we want to turn that off. And so
with your list inside of Clavio, if
that's where it's at, you just want to
go here, click onto your list, you want
to go to settings, and then you want to
go to consent, and then you want to turn
off double opt-in right here, and just
make it single opt-in. So right when the
person enters their email address,
they're just going to be sent your first
welcome email. Super, super important
that you have that. The next on top of
that, that first email needs to fire
immediately upon the person signing up.
There should not be any time delay. Send
it immediately. When a person signs up,
they're only going to wait maybe 30
seconds to get that first email, to get
their discount code, or to learn about
the brand. that has to send immediately.
And then that single email is not
enough. We need to have at least three
emails. People need time to convert.
They need multiple touch points. They
need more education to buy. So, we need
to have at least three emails. I prefer
kind of like around the 5 to six email
mark. We want to make sure our emails
are 1 to two days apart as well. We only
have the customer's attention for so
long before they might go to a
competitor. We need to make sure we're
hitting them every single day with
reminders of who we are cuz again, this
is the warmest they're ever going to be.
And also in these emails, we need a
reminder of the welcome discount every
single time. A big mistake is I see a
lot of brands sending educational
story-based emails which are great. They
just look like every single other email
and the customer needs to be reminded of
the discount which is going to remind
them of the urgency because the discount
can only last so long. Also a
non-negotiable that I always like to
include is a textbased email. These are
going to be personal emails that look
like they're coming from a friend. In
2025 and 2026 when there are so many
corporations and brands out there,
people are dying for that personal
connection. We want to give them that
personal feel with these textbased
emails. These convert like crazy. And
I'll walk you through some examples. And
then of course we want to have a last
chance discount email. We need to have
urgency on the discount. Give somebody a
last chance or they're just going to
keep putting it off and then they're not
going to buy. So always have a last
chance email as well. So this is
everything that we need to be doing. And
no matter the welcome flow, if you have
all of these in place, I'm not going to
be upset. These are set. You're good. So
now let's go into actually creating our
strategy because like I said, every
single one is going to be different
because every brand is different. Some
welcome flows, we're cool with three to
four emails in there. Others we should
be at six to eight. We just need to look
at the brand and think of what the
customer may be thinking and what do we
need to get them over the edge. If
you're an impulse purchase sort of
product, kind of like a gimmick that's
like $20, then you probably don't need
many emails. You just need to drill them
with a bunch of direct response. If
you're a $2,000 like gaming chair, for
example, this is a big decision for the
customer and you probably need to
educate them a ton on your product. So,
you might need to go with the longer
welcome flow. So, we need to ask what is
important to the customer? What are
their objections? And is buying our
product that impulse purchase or
decision that takes time to decide? And
we need to play into that. So, make sure
as you're building out this strategy
with the guidelines that I'm giving you
that you are considering these things.
So, this is the welcome flow template
and the winning strategy that I like to
push people towards. Email one, we want
it to be the same every single time
pretty much for every brand in terms of
layout. We just want to welcome them to
the brand and deliver our incentive.
Super super simple. Just some brand
background. You don't need to go too
crazy here, but I'll give you the
template cuz there are a couple things
that we need to make sure we have in
this email. And then what we want to do
is we want to do one to five filler
emails, which I'm going to give you a
ton of different options for. And these
filler emails are all about brand
education. So, it's just relevant
information, overcoming objections,
giving social proof, getting people to
trust the brand while also reminding of
the discount every single time in one of
them, being like, "Hey, we know you're
new. Use this discount." Then after
those filler emails, we want to go with
our last chance discount email to get
some urgency on the product. Heavy
urgency. Let somebody know that their
discount is disappearing. And then I
always like to end this as well with a
textbased support email. Something that
looks like it's coming from a friend.
Reach out from the founder of the
support team. Offer support. Hey, I
noticed you signed up, but you didn't
use your welcome discount. We're here to
answer any questions. Reply to this
email if you have any questions. By the
way, I extended your discount code for
24 more hours. Something like this
absolutely crushes and it gives us that
personal feel which we love. Now, let's
go into actually like these emails step
by step. Starting off with welcome email
number one. So, welcome email number
one. The purpose and the content is we
need to deliver a strong intro on our
brand in the briefest way possible while
giving them what they want. I see a lot
of brands going way too overboard with
this with these massive emails when in
reality people just want their discount
code and maybe just like a brief intro
on the brand. We'll do the education
later. Let's just give them their
discount. So maybe just give a quick
summary before they continue shopping.
So we want the design to be as simple,
clean, and easy to follow as possible.
We have to understand that the modern
customer is a zombie. They're doom
scrolling. Their attention spans are
fried. So we need to make sure our
emails play into that. The goal is to
simply get people to click and browse
onto the site. As far as the email
template, we want a hero section with a
discount code, a button, and then maybe
a brief intro. This is a perfect example
right here where we can see welcome to
the fam, a brief intro, place to
connect, learn, and explore conscious
cannabis without judgment. So a brief
intro right there. and then the discount
code right up at the top and then a
button right up at the top of the email
so the customer doesn't need to scroll.
We can see in all these examples there's
a button way up here right when the
customer opens their email they can
click that's super super important. Make
sure you have this button up at the top
and you have the discount. If you had
the button and but the discount was way
up here some people are going to be like
where's my discount code and they're
going to leave. So make sure you have
this in place. Then we want a bridge
section with a brand summary. So
something like this, this and this are
going to be perfect. And in this case
they just did icons. This is a gift that
like rolls through. If you want to be
super brief, then of course you can do
that. And then we want a product section
listing some of the products or some of
the categories. So you can see some
customer favorites right here. You can
see some categories right here. And you
can see some categories right here. This
is perfect. This is the winning welcome
flow email number one. Just make sure
you nail this hero section. Make sure
it's branded. And don't get too carried
away with the bridge section. You can
see right here because everyone deserves
a seat at the table. This is a great
example because it calls out the ideal
customer right here within the body.
says they're targeting women, people of
color, and the LGBTQ plus community,
which they call that out in a super
simple way, which is going to be great
for connecting with the customer. This
is how you nail your welcome email
number one. Now, you can build these
emails right inside of Clavio or
whatever platform you have, or you can
design them on a design tool such as
Figma, which I recommend. And then once
you design it, then you slice the email
into image sections and upload those
into Claio. If you want to know how to
do that, I have other videos on my
channel breaking down email design and
how to create your emails. So, that is
our welcome email number one. Now, let's
talk about our filler emails, aka our
educational emails. So, what are they?
The filler emails are one to five
educational emails sent between your
welcome and then your last chance emails
cuz people need education and more than
a couple reminders to buy. We want to
stay top of mind as they may be checking
out competitors over the next week or
two. So, we want to include these
because we want to build trust. Most
customers aren't buying immediately.
These emails will bridge the gap. We
need to overcome objections, answer the
unspoken questions that might stop
people from converting. We want to
position our brand differently and show
what makes us different, how our product
works, and why it might be worth the
price. Then, even if somebody doesn't
buy right now, we want to prime our
future purchases by laying all the
groundwork so that they trust our brand,
and then maybe when Black Friday or
Cyber Monday comes around, they already
trust us and then they're more likely to
buy. That's why we want our filler
emails. So, we have a ton of examples.
I'm going to go through a few of my
favorites, but these are like some
examples. We can do things like one
benefit feature. So, pick one benefit
about your product and just make a whole
email talking about that one thing
rather than overwhelming with a ton of
different benefits. We have one feature
very similar. We have the FAQ. So just
answer a quick FAQ from the customer.
You can also do multiple FAQs if you
want. Do what's inside. If you have some
sort of like welcome pack or if you're a
product that has ingredients, create an
email like what's inside our product.
Why do we include these ingredients or
pieces? How it's made. If you have a
cool process or behind the scenes
process with how your products are made,
do that. How to use your product. That
could be an objection where people are
like, I don't think I'm going to be able
to use this product. That could be
helpful. You can also include a back in
stock email, which actually works
really, really well. Trending
testimonials for social proof. us versus
them, how you compare to competitors,
myths versus facts, a little bit of
education, research studies, before
versus after of customers using your
products, notes from the founder, all
sorts of different stuff that you can
use here. Again, it's going to be
different for every brand. All of these
work. Just trust your judgment on what
you think is the most effective. To go
into a couple of kind of like my
favorites that I like to include in
welcome flows. One of them is the our
story email, which typically all follow
up after the first email with an our
story email. We want to build trust by
making the brand feel human. People want
to buy from people. They don't want to
buy from baseless corporations.
Introduce the founder, the brand's
origin story, and a deeper mission
behind what you do that people can rally
behind. After that first initial email,
and after somebody might have clicked on
an ad, mostly they haven't bought
because they don't know really like if
you're real and if they stand with you.
So, we want to combat that with why
behind the brand. Put a face to the name
and remind them of this discount. As far
as the email template, we want to have a
hero section with a founder photo and
some sort of a warm quote or intro
headline. Bridge section, have like the
founding story or brand mission of some
sort. always remind of the discount in
some in one of your CTAs. And then
product section, you can have some
subtle category links, but really we
don't want to be too pushy with this
email. We just want to give them the
story and a lot of people will naturally
buy. Something like bestsellers or
founders picks is something that works
well. So, we can see a couple of great
examples here. If we look at this one
right here, I know this is kind of hard
to see, but this is a brand a legacy
built from the ground up. We can see the
different founders right here and then
the story behind it and then some images
from back in the day of like what the
warehouse was like and all sorts of cool
stuff. Really heartfelt. It gets you to
trust the brand and really want to
support them. And then there's a cool
section on why choose us which helps the
customer kind of like see things
clearly. Then of course reminding of the
discount. And then there's shop by
category buttons in the footer. Then
also a call out on the discount code up
at the top. Here's another example right
here which looks like an email or some
sort of letter to the customers which is
super cool take on this email. Hi, I'm
Terry Roberts founder. Of course, put an
image right here so that we can put a
face to the name and then a story
outlining the struggle. She struggled
with hair and how it was thinning. So
she created these products that do this
sign from the customer and then again
outlining everything right here and then
outlining the free offer for acquisition
and then right here the story behind us
as well. Founder image branded summary
right here and then reminded the
discount. These are perfect. That's the
our story email. Next I want to talk
about the frequently asked question or
frequently asked questions. These are
going to help. Most customers aren't
going to email you and ask questions.
It's just too much work. So we need to
address these objections upfront. So
answering frequently asked questions
directly address these builds our trust
and creates a clear path for the
customer to purchase. It also shows you
a transparent brand who also knows what
the customer's caring about. So as an
email template hero section that answers
the FAQ itself with the hero question
just saying the FAQ itself and saying it
directly. We just want to have a bridge
section explaining it. Then a product
section tying in your brand and how your
product addresses that FAQ. We can see
right here we have a textbased email
which I am totally fine any of these
emails do a textbased email. These just
absolutely crush it. So, we can see how
simple this textbased email is. It's not
too long. And you can see right off the
bat, the most common question I get is,
"What does Breeze taste like?" Just
quickly answer the question, remind the
discount code, make it personal from
Corbin from Breeze. And that's perfect.
Here we have a graphic one of, "Is safe
teeth whitening possible?" answering the
question right here. And then having
some further education all throughout
this email and then tying in our product
at the end and how we overcome this
objection, which is perfect. The only
thing that's missing here and also with
this one is the welcome discount. These
are actually campaigns that were sent to
the email list, but these could easily
be adapted to put in the welcome flow
just by putting the welcome discount.
This is one right here where it's your
guide to enjoying happiest hour. And we
have a couple of FAQs down here, which
is perfect and summarizes everything
super clearly for the customer. This
one's a little bit different. This one
is going to be the most stereotypical
FAQ sort of email that you can do. This
is going to be the textbased like little
founder touch. Highly recommend you test
these out. So, moving on to the next one
is a how it works. This is going to be
purely educational, especially if your
product is a little bit more
complicated. One of these is going to be
completely necessary for your welcome
flow. So, we just want to educate on how
our product works. We want to reduce
confusion, build our trust, and make
them feel confident taking the next
step. So, just lay it down in plain
English and visually show the ease of
use of your product or the
transformation. So, for the hero
section, ask the question, how does it
really work? Or you can do a how-to and
then just bridge section, explain it in
a few short sentences. In a product
section, tie in your brand. So we can
see for this skinincare brand they start
off with a transformation from a
customer which is great and then they
answer the how does it work in the
bridge section which is completely fine
as well. The customer can see exactly
how it works and then they can trust the
science and also something cool is
showing different testimonials right
here and of course reminding of the
discount. Here's another one for
leggings and there's a step-by-step
how-to right here so the customer can
see exactly how it works and kind of the
magic behind it. And then here's just
straight up addressing the question. How
does this work? Again, have some
infographics of where our product fits
in and then tie in our product right
here. Add some social proof. Boom. You
have a perfect how it works email.
Another one I want to talk about is
what's inside. And this is going to be
perfect for CPG brands, skincare brands,
supplement or bundle based brands. Show
your audience exactly what they're
getting. Ingredients, materials, or
items in the bundle. Just have
transparency and people are going to
trust you more. So, as a template, if
you don't know where to start, have a
headline saying what's exactly inside.
Bridge section just explain exactly why
it matters. And product section, of
course, tie in your product. So we can
see right here, this is a product which
is a THC infused social tonic. And so
they start off the hero section just
talking about the benefit. And then in
the bridge section, they're answering
what's inside. So they put exactly
what's inside, what are the different
ingredients and how does it work. And
then we have Athletic Greens right here
where they do the same thing where
they're showing exactly what's in our
products in a cool info product. We
provide the essential nutrients and this
is what's in our products compared to
like other products. Perfect. Right
here. And then this for a chocolate bar
brand. Three ingredients. Pure Bliss.
So, just break down the only three
ingredients that are in our product.
Breaking down every single ingredient,
everything that's inside our product.
Perfect. What's inside? And then we
always want to mix in some social proof.
You should always have at least one
social proof filler email inside your
welcome flow. We need to reinforce trust
by showing the proof from real customers
or celebrities pretty much just to show
that we're legit. This is going to
validate a lot of our claims and push
subscribers closer to their conversion.
Don't get too carried away. I'm not a
fan of doing this many reviews cuz a lot
of times that can overwhelm the customer
and they don't read any of the reviews.
Typically, I like to do only like one to
two to maybe three testimonials in a
full email. And then just be straight up
with like, hey, here are the
testimonials. So, you can see right
here, this is more of a celebrity
testimonial email. The hero section is
just focused on how we're different. And
then we can see the real stories right
here. We have Cristiano Ronaldo, another
health influencer right here, as well as
right here. and then more social proof
down at the bottom talking about like
the proof that our products work. This
is like the simplest sort of testimonial
email that you can do. Put a testimonial
up at the top with a button and then
feature a couple other testimonials and
then have a call to action. And then
right here, this is one where we're just
flashing a ton of different testimonials
at the customer and then give them a
simple product section right down here
at the bottom. Make sure you take time
actually finding your testimonials. They
need to overcome objections within them.
Take time to find your good testimonials
cuz they're going to do the selling for
you. Next, we have sort of like a how
we're different email or how we're
separate from our competitors or like us
versus them. We want to set our brand
apart by clearly stating how we're
different. Because the elephant in the
room is your customers are comparing you
to all sorts of other brands and your
competitors. So, we just want to lay
things out clearly for them so that they
can make their pick. Just have a hero
section with what makes us different.
Maybe summarize it really quick and have
a button. Explain your core
differentiators, whether that's your
materials, your values, your results,
your process or customer experience. And
then have a simple product section as
well. So this one is why does ice cartel
shine harder than other jewelry brands
and just giving three reasons right
here. Super clean and simple reminded
the welcome discount. We don't want to
give 10 different reasons because that's
going to overwhelm the customer. Just
pick a few of the main differentiators.
This is like a clean us versus them.
Just quick check marks right here so
it's easy for customers to see like why
would you go with our meal delivery
versus others and then some quick social
proof and remind the discount. Then
another one right here, how we're
different. Just a quick summary up here
at the top with a punchy headline and
then it outlines how these products are
different than like other carriers in an
us versus them section very similar to
the one right here. These are super
effective for showing how you compare.
And then if you have a lot of products
or the customer might be overwhelmed
with what to pick, a bestseller email
may be a good choice. This could be
single product or could be multiple
products, but the purpose is to just
make it as simple as possible for the
customer to make their choice so that
they don't have decision fatigue. You
could start off with like our best
sellers or you could say directly like,
"Hey, if you can't decide, start here."
A lot of people when they first come
into our brand, they get overwhelmed.
They don't know what to get. So, we
always recommend that you get this
first. It is the fan favorite, yada yada
yada. Just make it super easy for them.
Bridget explaining why this product is
so good. And then just feature the
product. So, here's like a single
product feature right here. So, say this
was your best seller for supplement
brand. Then include an email like this.
Just breaking down that one product.
What makes it different and a little bit
of social proof. Perfect. Then right
here for a brand like this, what
products do our customers love? Feature
the two bests sellers and exactly why
people like it. And you've helped make
that choice for the customer. And then
we have this one right here for like a
clothing brand where if you have a lot
of different products then you probably
want to show a few different products
and then you can link people to the
bestseller section. So right here just
posting the testimonials of these
different products and then bestseller
button at the bottom so that person can
buy the best sellers and you're all set.
So those are the filler emails. You can
use any one of those or in the big list
that I showed you up above earlier in
the deck. But now let's talk about the
last chance email. This is going to be
how we get people to buy on the spot
with a ton of urgency. So for this
email, so by the end of the flow, you
should have trust built up with all the
education that you sent and people just
kind of need a nudge to buy. So what we
need to do is we need to drive urgency
before that discount expires or product
sells out. It's your final push to
convert these customers who are on the
fence. Look at these examples. We don't
want to overwhelm or do all this crazy
stuff. We want the email to just be
focused on the urgency. You really don't
need a bridge section. Just have a hero
section with last chance to use your
discount. Then a product section tie
into your brand. List out some products
maybe and you're all good to go. So we
can see right here, you can see all the
buttons are in the hero sections of
these email. So the customer doesn't
need to scroll. See right here, there's
going to be a countdown timer for this
brand right here. This is it. Your last
warning. So urgency before it's buried
for eternity. Then feature some
products. Little bit more urgency. Boom.
Then this branch is super duper simple.
Last chance for 10% off. Buy now. I love
this. And a lot of times these convert
the best. Then we have another this is
going to be a countdown right here. Just
reminding of the discount. Literally no
supporting copy. Just that. That's
perfect. And if you want to go with a
textbased approach, this works really,
really well. Hey Max, June here. Quick
reminder, your welcome discount expires
tonight. Reminder the brand story, make
the discount code super clear and then
shop now. Perfect. So that's that last
chance email that we want to make sure
that we do. And I always like to end off
as well with a textbased support email.
So something that's going to bring them
a little bit closer to the brand and
trust us and get them to reach out if
there is a big concern. So we're
combining the customer support tone with
urgency to drive action. We don't want
to make it seem too pushy. We want it to
be like we're genuinely helping them out
and we don't need their sale. Just a
friendly nudge, not a sales push. So, be
sure to offer support and mention your
support team. All you want to do is
remind the brand and its mission.
Mention the discount code and that it's
still active for use. And then include a
blurb about this support team. So, this
is a great example right here. Hey
there, I hope my previous emails have
given you a taste of Pedal Commander's
commitment to quality. We've got your
back and stand by that with a 30-day
complete money back guarantee if you
aren't satisfied with your order. So,
you can see right there that's also
reducing risk for the customer. and then
mentioning subtly, hey, I noticed you
haven't placed your order yet. No
worries if you've been busy. I get it.
In case it was a mistake, I extended
your discount code just for you for the
next 24 hours. So, we have a lot of
urgency just built in with that, but
we're not being like, "Buy our stuff.
Buy our stuff. Last chance." Super
subtle. Reminded the discount code again
and then boom, shop now. Then also, PS,
if you have any questions, our support
team is always ready to assist you. Just
reply to this email and we'll respond
ASAP. Make sure you're pushing those
people to that. This is the sort of
stuff that you aren't going to get
learning from other people. This is
stuff that I've tested that just works
super super well. So that is the full
strategy that you need to do. Now I want
to talk about some AB tests and
optimization because this is really
what's going to make the difference in
the long run because nothing is perfect
on the first go which is why you always
always always need to be testing. So
these are some high leverage AB tests
that I really recommend that you run for
the welcome flow. You could test a
million in one different things but I
suggest starting with these ones. First
is going to be the biggest impact which
is going to be the welcome offer. For
example, doing $10 off versus 10% off. A
lot of times a different offer can be
the difference in literally double the
revenue. So, we want to test that.
Easiest just because it's high leverage.
It's super simple to change, but it can
have a big impact on your results are
your subject lines and your preview
texts. Next is your time delays in
between emails. Maybe you need to be
less pushy. So, you can do 1 days versus
2 days. You can also do what products
are featured in emails. So, featuring
different best sellers in your emails.
What are the ones that customers are
buying typically first? You can test
that out. Doing those textbased emails
that I showed you versus like doing more
graphic based emails, you can test
different variations of those. And then
also something else that not a lot of
people test is linking to specific
products or linking to collections. So
in your product sections actually
linking to a direct product like this
product right here is our best seller.
Buy this. Here's another bestseller. Buy
this one. Or you can do categories like
shop hoodies, shop t-shirts, shop socks,
and link people to categories. Some
people like to browse a little bit more
with that and other people like to be
given the best sellers in the individual
products just straight up. But the
easiest way to optimize your welcome
flow over time is by adding successful
campaigns into your welcome flow and
then just adding your discount code. So
you should be sending three to four
email campaigns per week to your
e-commerce list. These campaigns should
be mostly non-promotional. We don't just
want to be spamming discounts. So we
want to be testing out different
educational angles in our campaigns and
then monitor our results. If we have a
campaign that absolutely crushes it, say
we're a supplement brand and we do a
frequently asked question email of how
long does it take to see results with
this product and it absolutely crushes
gets a ton of revenue and a ton of
engagement, then we know that that email
is validated and it's probably very
helpful for people. So, what we could do
is just add the discount code within
that email and plug it into our welcome
flow. That's literally it. Just add that
sentence of copy. You can add that to
your flow or you can like replace the
lowest performing email in that welcome
flow. So, this is my favorite and it
avoids a lot of the AB tests and having
to monitor results that comes when
actually doing the AB tests. Should do a
little bit of both though. So, that is
it for this one. Thank you so much for
reading, watching. Feel free to email me
if you have any questions. I put links
to my socials within this doc you can
get in the description. If you want more
help building all of this out if you're
a 7 to 9 figureure e-commerce brand, but
my team will build you the most badass
welcome series possible that gets the
most out of your ad traffic to turn into
revenue. The link to book a call will
also be in the description. Make sure to
check out this video on pop-ups so that
you can grow your list and get as many
people as possible into your welcome
flow cuz that is going to be the
difference between a losing welcome flow
and a winning welcome flow. Again, thank
you so much for watching this video.
Hope you got some value and I will see
you in the next